Idiot, how dare you bet with Mr. Xiao Quan
I see how you lose
Yeah, Mr. Elementary School is a Nobel Prize winner
Qin Feng you
Don't you think
Your phone can predict natural disasters, right?
What a joke hahahaha
I'd like to see it
Will the volcano we dumped erupt?
We'll see won't we.
Chen Feng, you said you did this
In addition to lurking in the dark for Huagu's technology community
What else does it do?
Yeah, even the chief engineer of the Academy of Sciences
You can't hold the honorary knife of the Chinese Academy of Sciences
Department, Qin Feng
You're just a chief engineer
How can we represent the Academy of Sciences of China?
Better apologize now
Chief Teacher Qin is no ordinary engineer
He is the chief engineer of our Chinese Academy of Sciences
then he
It can't represent everyone in the Chinese Academy of Sciences, right?
If you add me
What about the president of the Chinese Academy of Sciences?
It's an orange.
Innocent here
You must lie down and fall asleep.
That's right, I believe Mr. Qin will go
Since the Chinese Academy of Sciences does not have a game of hand blocking the black
Then no, you can't help it.
Well, the president of the Academy of Sciences
I was coaxed around by a liar
What a shame
That is.
No wonder China's scientific will is stagnant
It turns out that you are the black sheep
Hello liar
Aren't you counting down?
Hey, look at the watch
How many minutes are there?
The last two minutes
Two minutes later.
You will know whether I am a liar or not